Add the Chromium-based Edge to supported browsers (#2772)
sindresorhus/refined-github: readme.md

- [**Chrome** extension][link-cws] [<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/v/hlepfoohegkhhmjieoechaddaejaokhf.svg?label=%20">][link-cws]
- [**Firefox** add-on][link-amo] [<img valign="middle" src="https://img.shields.io/amo/v/refined-github-.svg?label=%20">][link-amo]
- **Opera** extension: Use [this Opera extension](https://addons.opera.com/en/extensions/details/download-chrome-extension-9/) to install the Chrome version.

> - **Edge** extension: Follow [this guide](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4538971/microsoft-edge-add-or-remove-extensions) to install the Chrome Version (applicable to New Edge version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Edge** extension: Follow [this guide](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4538971/microsoft-edge-add-or-remove-extensions) to install the Chrome version (only applicable to Chromium-based Edge).
```
